{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Please read these two documents, one on a Ramsey tax plan in a deterministic, continuous time version of a Lucas-Stokey (1983) economy (this is the file CTOLS_v25.tex), the other about a classic Mirlees optimal tax problem. Please focus on sections 1 - 4 of each paper.  \
Furthermore, in the Ramsey tax paper CTOLS_v25.tex paper, I want to study the special case in which there is no initial term debt, so that $b_\{-1,t\} = 0 \\forall t \\geq 0$.  Section 2 of this paper describes the Ramsey problem, section 3 describes a Lagrangian formulation of the problem, and section 4 describes a dynamic programming formulation and a Bellman or HJB equation.  An important aspect of this problem is that decisions are ordered sequentially in time $t \\geq 0$.  The paper optimal_taxation \'85 is about the Mirlees problem.  Section 3 describes a mechanism design approach to the problem and section 4 describes a Hamiltonian. This Hamiltonian opens to door to what I want  you to help me do.  The key step will be to think of the Mirlees problem as being a sequential problem in which decisions are ordered by the random productivity $z$ of a producer-consumer.  Eventually, I want you to think about the social planner as solving the Mirlees planning problem sequentially, starting from $z=0$ and proceeding smoothly sequentially through higher $z$\'92s.  I want you to help me construct an HJB equation for the Mirlees problem that mirrors the one for the Ramsey problem in the CTOLS_v25 paper.  Please prepare a latex document with your findings.  }