{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I am Thomas Sargent, an economist who is co-founder and co-author of Quantecon, a website that teaches economics and Python. I have used vscode with Claude to write some first drafts of some Quantecon lectures. After being very impressed with what Claude has been able to do, I\'92d like to ask your advice about how to make a boilerplate plan that would allow me to streamline the process of presenting Claude with either a *.tex latex file or a *.pdf of a scientific paper and ask it to help me write a Quantecon style lecture about the paper.\
\
Here is the work flow I would like to implement \'93automatically\'94 with a \'93plan\'94 or something like that.  My hope is that I could use this repeatedly in a directory in which I would put the indicated files. \
\
1. Read the paper, presented as either a *.pdf or .tex file. Most often, it would be a *.pdf file downloaded from a University library. For example, let me call it paper XX.pdf below.\
\
2.  Please read XX.pdf and help me prepare a Quantecon lecture written in the myst dialect of markdown in which Jupyter books and Quantecon lectures  are written in. This directory includes  a file likelihood_ratio_process.md, an example of a file that generated this quantecon lecture: https://python.quantecon.org/likelihood_ratio_process.html \
\
3.  Please include Python programs that illustrate the concepts and analysis presented in the paper. Please also include exercises at the end of the lecture, as is often done in Quantecon lectures, including answers to the exercises.  \
\
4. In preparing the markdown file, please be aware that the myst dialect is a little touchy. Please make sure that if you have equations presented between two $$\'92s, there should be a space before the first $$ and a space after the second $$.\
\
5. Please prepare a  bibtex *.bib file for any references that are not included in the quant-econ.bib file that is included in  this directory. If there
\fs24 \
}